well here in art season we are
tearing off with delicious recipes
now let's make a tip that I am
same goat that you tun tun tun to me
I really like this dip
for several reasons the cheese is very rich
we are talking about cheeses that have
almost all the same caloric value and
You can also accompany it with fruits or
vegetables or crackers then like
quite versatile alves to the
ingredients of this recipe so that
write down in house
for this recipe we will use
then half a cup of cheese low
in fat half a teaspoon of vinegar
white wine three quarters of a cup
skim milk 200 grams of cheese
goat crumbled a clove of garlic
finely chopped salt and pepper to taste
2 peeled carrots in half canes
peeled jicama and in canes and half
peeled cucumber and on sticks was already in
the pepito joke that comes to the
church and ask for a banana you do not know
there's why I'm so bad for the
good jokes
I am very bad we tell jokes but it was
something that they said to him peeled and others of
new with shells already knows
ay si they greeted at home and so
You can send me where I am
sad ferrys wheelers because they believe
is that I need this is that I
my little dad counted
and now my children are starting to tell
the jokes and I want to teach them to
tell jokes or they learn this
I do not know, did not sell me, lose me jokes
to my twitter will be good apart from
have a good time teaching jokes to
our kids jokes about these
whites that are very nice good to
the age I take out size in the blender
let's also put vinegar this is
conservation will only saborcito
let's put some milk
with the cheese dimensions do not look like
look for what is low in fat because it is
really what they are looking for in a
cheese that has less saturated fat
because everything else is protein
all that alone all that works but that
be low in fat to lower levels of
that also serves cholesterol is almost
now for the people who are the act
intolerant there are many people
actress tolerant tolerate yes
Goat's milk in the goat is the animal
who has the milk most similar to the
breast milk then there are times there
people who can take it from this
success then also if you have visitors
at home then choose goat cheese for
or any cheese that has been made
of goat's milk so that the 'latin
tolerant do not tolerate well let's
put a little garlic
Y
liquefy
ready and I want it simple is this
it really is not funny
lala remember that milk consumption is
important in children happens to me and I
I'm going to talk so they know in little houses
Many moms are already afraid of
milk that happens has been spoken of pests is
that always after food is the most not
has given milk pestles then that
if it is that if the animal has
diseases that if it's wrongly done that
if it is rotten that if it is boiled that
is facilitated blah blah blah blah
many decide this way of aysén that then
remove the milk my children at the end that
I give soy milk nothing happens no no no
Do it at home, do not do it
in the house soy has many
phytoestrogens and the only thing they 're going to
provoke in your children is a puberty
premature so premature that the eight
years will be already covered that cause
cause their premature growth in their
premature development then please
the milk simply can not suffer
so from the hand of good put no longer leave
of demanding juices from soy children
the good school that right now we are
of departure but what is it for?
and this that I wanted to tell you right now
I'm making harmonious sticks
with the cucumber that does not have the nugget
center I'll leave until there then I'll
take a carrot and I'm also going to
do the little sticks that little houses if you do not
they want to make little sticks that we
the garlic ahead can do
little triangles all this is instead of
exactly the chicharrón chips
like
the truth is the chips of pork rinds
as to replace and start eating or
look for a little healthier food
This can also be with pork rind if
they want
it will be
with what else can you accompany it with
do they can fill if they do if
they put to boil tantita pata these
cannelloni gutters that are like that and
they have an object at the center they can
fill with a shower they also know
rich can accompany it with tomatoes
cherry can also put it with
what do you think of
wholemeal bread stick is pa
wholemeal bread
this with
this that more than will be born good with
What you like to know, we wanted
this day with peanuts and everyone knows very
all right
and they know that with you if you
like garlic I like garlic a lot
they like garlic garlic so fried or
dehydrated in the oven with this day not
us to lopez or is it a bitch vision
delicious
well now I will be better so more
easy because you transform important
and now I'm going to cut the jicama jicama
I like it's a pretty tuber
tasty
that has enough starch has
a lot of fiber has a lot of water
is can you get to optimize your
organism very much to moisturize your skin
how many of you do not have the cloth
dehydrated na if they go to the sun yes yes
they are going to that they already begin to leave
granites here of the dryness not together
to the mouth and in the beard can start
leave granites like jícama for
hydrate cleanse your kidneys with
jicama
if currently with the jícama then there is
to spend the jicama if he manages to purify
the liver and the kidneys then you can
eat jicama instead of doing these
Vitor diets is that they are useless
put on a bed and with this come with me
to one more obesity diet like I'm left
let's go and come back here those are art
always always always more